welcome back to recap in minutes in today's
video we will be going through a 2006 historical
war movie of the ancient battle of thermopylae
called 300 spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in 540 bc the time spartan boys are turned to
real men when the child is born he is observed
thoroughly by a spartan baby inspector
over a cliff where hundreds of feet below
lay the bones of dead babies who did not make the
cut if there are any signs of weakness sickness or
problems with the baby he will be killed when they
turn seven they are separated from their mothers
the boys learn how to fight and train at an
early age and go through an initiation of rights
like getting whipped without showing emotions and
being tested out in the snow and cold to fend for
themselves before they can return home and so
the boy returns to his people as sparta king
king leonidas life is moving along in sparta
when a persian messenger rides through the city
he holds the skulls of other dead leaders in
his hand and asked to speak to king leonidas
the messenger and his guards are led to the king
where he explains that he is here on behalf of
xerxes the persian god king who has already taken
out thousands of cities and who wants the people
of sparta to bow down to him when queen gorgo
makes a comment the messenger gets upset and asks
how a woman can talk like that among men and she
shoots back that spartan women are the ones who
give birth to real men the messenger warns king
leonidas to carefully think before he replies to
what xerxes has asked of sparta but the king turns
on the messenger and points his spear in his face
making the persian back up to the edge of the
black pit the messenger is outraged and says
you cannot kill a messenger and leonidas's roars
back this is sparta before he shoves the persian
and his guards into the pit leonidas climbs the
mountains to consult the oracle and the ephors
who are priests of the gods after giving the
efforts gold and explaining his plan to go
north to corner xerxes army he asks what the
oracle says the oracle is the most beautiful
young girl of sparta and her beauty is also her
curse as she is forced to stay up in mountain
with these ugly ephors to be able to tell these
Futures she says that sparta will fall the ephors
say that he cannot go to war when there is
a celebration coming up anyways the king is
upset as he cannot just sit and do nothing in
the next scene one of the councilmen theron
paying the efforts with gold from the persians
for telling the king that he cannot go to war
the next morning leonidas and his captain are
looking for his army of three hundred he notices
that one of the men is the captain's son and the
king comments that he is too young but the captain
insists that he fight the sum looks proud to be
among these awesomely strong looking warriors
theron and the other councilman join the king
and ask what he is doing theron says that the
oracle has spoken and he knows the rules the king
says he's merely out for a stroll and that these
300 men are just his personal bodyguards theron
sarcastically asked where the king will be walking
to and he replies the north theron replies to
hot gate the persians are coming from the sea
before they head out the queen gives leonadas her
necklace and says to come back with his shield or
on it while they are marching out they meet with
another group the arcadians the leader of the
arcadians says they heard that sparta was going
out to fight against turks's and they are here
to join but he is surprised at the small number of
men the king brought with him to show how arrogant
and cocky the spartans are leonidas asked one of
the soldiers from arcadia what his profession was
his reply a sculptor another was a blacksmith
another a potter leonidas looks back at his army
of 300 and roars what their profession was the
arcadians are met with thunderous Hooo! and the
king says that he has more soldiers than you have
the arcadians are impressed and everyone marches
down to the ocean together meanwhile the
queen wants to talk to the councilmen to ask
if they will send an army to help leonidas
fight against the persian army she has one
of the councilmen trying to set up the meeting and
he says that she will be able to speak in two days
she says that the king may not have two days
when the group finally get to the beach area the
arcadians are starting to doubt themselves when
they see how many persian boats are in the ocean
that night the greeks gods send a huge storm to
turn over and destroy some of those boats and at
first the arcadians are happy but in the morning
the number of boats seem to have not diminished
the other spartan men are happy as they
can only hope to finally meet their match
someone that can give them a cause to have a
beautiful death they want to die for a good cause
for their country as they are setting up a wall of
stone one of the searches these messengers comes
up to demand once again that sparked a bow on
their knees the messenger mocks the wall of stones
the spartans are building before he sees that in
between those stones are the dead bodies of some
members of the persian army that was in charge
of the lookout one of the spartans insult him
and with aliens before he can stretch out his whip
the spartan jumps and cuts off the messenger's arm
orders him to tell xerxes that the fight is on
while this is happening a hunched back monster
named Ephialtes that has been following them
walks up to leonidas and his captain who wants
to help fight he warns the king that there is
another opening that the persians can get through
he has a strong thrust with his spear but cannot
raise up the heavy shield he carries the king
says he cannot fight with the spartans because
the spartans use their shields to cover not
only themselves but also cover the man to their
left and since Ephialtes cannot raise his shield
he is of no use ethialtes gets extremely upset in
the first battle shows how strong the spartans are
in the narrow opening they stand and wait while
the first group of persian armies come out to
fight they easily beat the army killing them
all in tactical formation slaying them like they
brought them to war and finally driving the rest
into the sea the spartans wins losing no one while
they catch their breath the rest of the persian
army shoots out so many arrows that they block
the sunlight in unity the spartans fend off the
arrows with their shields and call them cowards
while both sides take a time out to recoup and
clean up the battlefield xerxes comes out to
meet with leonidas xerxes is a seven foot bald and
pierced god king he again offers leonidas a chance
to bow down to him but the king says that it will
not happen as his thighs are sore from killing the
first persian army xerxes is pissed off and says
that he can wipe out sparta and no one on earth
will ever know about them will never know who they
are he will cut out the tongues and eyes of people
who even mention their name and soon everyone will
forget who king leonidas is or who the spartans
are the next battle is against the immortals
they are soulless monsters who have black eyes
and teeth that are filed into fangs they wear
those black and gold masks and their special
weapon is this huge chained up monster the king
chop off the monster head and the spartans easily
defeat these enemies though they do lose some of
their men as xerxes watches on this godlike deity
feels a human chill go up his spine the next
fights have the persians bringing on as much
power as they can using large size animal-like
rhinos elephants from halfway around the world
and magics but still the spartans conquer when
xerxes sees the army losing he disciplines his
generals by chopping off their heads during
one of these battles the captain's son's head
gets chopped off and he cries out as his heart is
broken it takes three men to pull them off his son
the following morning the king meets with one of
his man dilios and asks him to return home to tell
the tale of sparta to tell everyone all the greeks
his story and his 300 men he knows that they are
going to die for sparta he gives back the necklace
his wife gave him to dilios to return to her
meanwhile the queen is meeting with theron she
offers him something to drink to which he asks
if it's poison he says that the councilman
will never allow an army to go to the king
and he insinuates that he can persuade them that
she sleeps with him she allows it and he roughly
starts to have sex with her while telling her this
will not be over quickly you will not enjoy it
i'm not your king Ephialtes has gone to xerxes
in the tent there are belly dancers concubines
contortionists transsexuals and slaves he is in
awe of everything xerxes has to offer wealth women
a chance to fight if only he bowed down to
him at the ephialtes mesmerized by everything
agrees and tells him about the second opening
where the persian army can easily overpower the
spartans the next day the queen gets to meet with
the councilman she gives a great speech to why
they should allow the army to go and help the king
some of the members are touched by what she is
saying and is starting to agree with her when she
ends her speech theron sarcastically applauds her
he turns against her by saying that why should
anyone listen to her as she is an adulteress
he tells everyone that she came onto him
and offered herself to him but that he is
an honest man and turned her down she gets upset
and starts to go after him but two guards grab her
she struggles to let go which they do and when she
is free she grabs one of their swords and stabs
theron in the stomach when she pulls out the sword
as money pouch also comes free and as he falls
so do the persian coins that he's been bribed with
the other councilman pick one of the coins up and
realize he's a traitor and word spreads quickly
once again xerxes comes out to watch as the
persian army surrounds the spartans and one of his
minions asks leonidas to bow down to xerxes but
this time leonidas actually takes off his headgear
and puts down his shield in spear and kneels down
but only to compose himself as his huddled group
of spartan men break away and one number runs up
and jumps on leonidas's back to spear that
minion to death as everyone starts fighting
again the king picks up his spear and throws
it where it slices through Xerxes's cheek
but does not kill him xerxes is surprised
and holds his hand up to his bleeding face
one by one the spartans fall even the king after
facing the sun and saying his last words my love
the rest of the persian army makes sure all the
spartans are dead by shooting a gazillion arrows
into the air again dilios returns home to give the
queen the necklace and he spreads the word about
their victory it ends one year later where dilios
looks like he's the leader of the spartan army now
and they are getting ready to fight the persians
again but this time there are thousands and
thousands of spartans in on command they run
for battle thanks for watching please don't
forget to subscribe and turn on the notification
bell to get noticed when a new video is uploaded